
path/fluidattacks/file

www.fluidattacks.com



Introduction

it is a programmming lenguaje of 
instructions or code to extract
information from a database of an
organization and compnies in the
public or private sector where they use
a web server to store important data 
where hackers use this code to
change the information and attack the
security code.

!Che Inyectologia L!

It is a techique that many people usa
the sql comands to alter or attack
the valuable information where they
excute dangerous codes witchin the
security system that causes the 
database to undergo changes in its
variables, tables and forms.
It is considered one of the ten main
threats within thecomputer security 
where some malicious peolpe use this
method to send maliciuos instrucions 
through the programming leguage sql,
sometimes they use other tools to
change the behavior of the database
and modiy the desired paramenters.






